<Cover
  src="/blog/locker662/locker662.jpeg"
  alt="Image from the movie Alien - from cosmos.com"
  caption="Fortune cannot favor what it does not know."
/>

**Tier 2, Babylon Prefecture**

*Some sounds are heard better in the quiet, some faces better seen in
the dark.*

Bells jingle and the door hinges complain. Greasy magazines closest to
the shop entrance tremble on rotating stands, the blaring horns and
vehicular devilry outside abruptly muffled to a harmless hum as the
front door slams to.

The newcomer has on muddy boots, which they don’t bother to brush off on
the entrance mat (despite the sign in all caps). They walk stiffly
forward into the hazy shop interior, wearing sunglasses.

Their short-cropped, artificial-blue hair is dripping under a soaking
wet baseball cap, rivulets of dye running down skin made sallower still
under the yellow lights. Two flashing eyes flick briefly around the tiny
shop, taking it all in.

"Welcome to *Turner*," announces a man they call “the grim reaper”
behind the cash register.

He can't be bothered to look up from his crossword puzzle, his face half
bathed in shadow under the broad brim of a gray fedora. Along the
off-white back wall behind the cash register are three different
television sets installed into the walls plugged into outlets installed
on the beige linoleum floors, multicolored cables spilling out from
underneath the cash register trail across a glass display case, are
wound into a tight bundle along the floor just to disappear off into a
corner under several empty cardboard boxes sporting various product
logos. Most of these cheap, plastic, mostly useless gadgets are already
on display or being kept around simply because they’ve been forgotten.
Turner was part convenience, part antique store, and it was up to date
on its inspection according to the neon sign hanging on the wall. It was
also the last of its kind in this side of Babylon city.

His soot-tipped fingers tap on the glass counter mindlessly, a
half-smoked cigarette hanging off his lower lip.

Several moments pass.

The silence grows into uncomfortable territory and the *grim reaper*
becomes aggravatingly aware he's being watched. Intently.

The hunchback man puts out his cigarette directly on the counter, lights
another. Then he reverently removes his fedora with his thumb and middle
finger. Touches it to his chest before setting it down. All the while
keeping a good grip on the leather holster at his hip with his other
hand.

He brushes his greasy mane back. Nods to himself. Grunts.

And finally looks up.

The red ember of his cig glows, mirrored in his faded blue eyes set in a
wrinkly face. The sight before him drains the blood from his already
grey skin.

He draws on the cig again with a suddenly jittery hand. A moment of
indecision. He exhales, his face briefly shrouded by a plume of smoke.
As the smoke clears he draws the pistol (not without flourish), and aims
good at the newcomer. Red and gold sparks streak across the dim shop
interior, a stack of magazines clattering to the floor where the
newcomer’s head should have been.

The reaper blinks.

"Damn hologs, damn…" Reaper says before his mouth is flooded with blood.

The pistol was meant for jumpers, and boy, did the newcomer jump. Jumped
and sent a dart flying right into the old man's jugular.

Red transgresses against sudden palor - two rivers streaming down from
both nostrils. The linoleum never saw such pretty rain...

---

It's early evening, and the city skyline is invisible behind the
billowing clouds of orange smog. Searching skylight beams sweep across
the bones of Babylon, hungry for more meat to pick off her metallic
carcass.

“The dust,” a colloquialism for industrial fallout, is everywhere and
demands constant washing, a task taken care of by the City Janitorial
Cooperative - the drone boys - operating almost exclusively in tier 1
districts. In tier 2 districts, washing only happens when tier 1
official heads pay a visit. As for tier 3, “the dust” maintains
unchallenged sovereignty. Only harvesters brave tier 3 terrain.

There are two kinds of harvesters - the ones with a death wish, and the
ones with less of a death wish. The ones with less of a death wish
invest in toxin-filtration implants (if they can get them) which are
then appended to all relevant anatomical orifices. And when they aren’t
harvesting, they mostly live in decontamination stations while their
blood cells forget to be cells. But if they *could* afford the proper
protective gear they wouldn’t be harvesting to begin with.

Many tier 3 districts were closed off indefinitely after public
officials learned the dust that falls in Babylon corrupts everything
(who would have thunk it!). It’s a special strain of fallout, as far as
fallout goes. The least impressive of its capabilities - puzzling
signals and scattering lasers, thus rendering detection and tracking
tech of any kind, entirely useless. So, naturally, hologs are not
welcome there. And neither is anything particularly sentient.

In tier 1 and 2 districts, hologs make up the majority of citizens. It's
the recommended solution to air troubles - man as many hologs as you can
afford. Better still, man them remotely from the comfort of a Locker - a
bed and breakfast type establishment where breakfast is fed
intravenously, the beds are hospital grade, and everyone is perpetually
in a coma. Once you’re hooked up into the stream, you exist as your
holog and can wander the city freely, your privacy guaranteed by the
White Light District, Office no. 662 (they have your best interest in
mind).

The more affordable Lockers, which the masses flock to, use synthetic
serums to induce a coma, a cocktail of morphine and sedatives pumped
into the herd until plugging into the stream is no longer a choice.

---

On the current city layout, *Turner* has its main entrance on the street
level, squished between the butcher's and the morgue. The shopfront
mannequins are donned with studded corsets, black skirts decked with
metallic belts and garters made from steel chains and gears instead of
delicate fabrics.

These are just mannequins and nothing more. The flashier shops have
automatons, like the ones gyrating to bumpy music and neon strobes a
block away. Sometimes it’s even possible to rent one of these mannequins
for a night.

Yet *Turner* is still in business. *Somehow*.

And the mannequins aren't for rent.

Its mildly sharp apparel or the strength of its library isn't what it's
best known for, after all…

A sign on the door reports that *Turner* officially opens to the public
on weekdays in twelve hour windows, 6:00 to 18:00, although this is not
cardinal law. Sometimes two hour lunch breaks are important.

Today, a curious holog peeking into the store might see an empty cash
register within and tarp-covered shelves.

Today is Saturday…

---

A block away, a dark-haired woman in a trench coat shoulders her way
through a crowd of hologs. Her soundless footsteps hasten as she rounds
the corner. Overhead, two tiny eyes inlaid into the belly of a patrol
drone dilate as the dust swirls in her wake. But she’s already gone. No
bells jingle when she ducks her tall frame into *Turner.*

Waving the lights on inside, she checks the shop display-sim from her
watch via one of her trusty drone feeds, live footage she uses alongside
the White Light District’s police force (unbeknownst to them).

*Turner* remains an unlit shopfront, no activity detected.

So all is well with the world.

“Hello Missy, what brings you here today?”

“You’ve seen better days, Turner.” The woman’s voice quivers strangely
because cheap vocal filters are cheap for a reason.

“Speak for yourself, Missy! Today we are-”

“Less verbose, no script.”

Turner stands up wordlessly and his face suddenly goes limp, eyes
staring off, unseeing, into the distance.

When he sits back down his head is bowed.

---

The *real* Turner's face and credentials hang nostalgically on the wall
while his corpse lies at an ideal 2°C in the morgue next door.

Fittingly, the interior of *Turner*, the store, is coffin-like in
shape - the entrance, the coffin head, while the aisle down the center
narrows as you reach the back of the store (the foot of the coffin).

After doing a couple more checks and appeasing Turner, the woman makes
her way to the foot of the coffin. Usually no one would pass undetected
by the front clerk, his eyes narrowing as motion detection gear
activates behind his pupils and the word “pistol” hums more intensely in
his cerebrum.

No one but Alex, his creator, passes by Turner, the automaton.

From the exit, Alex enters a gray carpeted room with a lone lamp shade
on unimaginative corporate-gray carpeting. She hastily presses her thumb
to a point on the wall. Sometimes the sims aren’t the best. Sometimes
they aren’t pretty at all.

Alex chuckles to herself while the sim morphs around her.

Now, instead of the room she was in, she finds herself in a black tunnel
stretching several kilometers before her. At the end of the tunnel
awaits a door with a single glowing orange window. Past this door, she
descends winding stairs, the steel bottoms of her boots scuffing the
concrete, and giving a small clang each time she passes the metal-lined
plating marking another floor’s-worth of descent. Her black-rimmed, gray
eyes are restless, scanning the walls anxiously for any sim anomalies as
she continues on. There’s a burning itch in her throat, and she’s almost
out of breath, dizzy when she reaches the first exit along the spiral
staircase. She emerges from the orange light to be plunged into darkness
once again, her upturned face now illuminated by the watch’s dim glow as
she holds it close to her lips and whispers a code. Long ceiling lights
give a faint popping sound as they are activated on or off overhead
while Alex hauls ass beneath them, making her way to a lift on the
opposite side of the garage. Traveling three levels down, she checks the
screen on the back of her eyelids.

It reads,

21:32

Address

Sim Level 3 - status: clear

in neon green letters.

The lift’s barred gates slide open with a shudder.

The corridors are now illuminated by dreamy blue halo lights lining the
ceiling at even intervals. After several turns, Alex stops at a door
along a hallway identical to the one where the lift had initially
regurgitated her. Laser fingers shoot out from where the peep hole would
be on a regular door. It does a quick sweep over her perspiring face,
momentarily framing each bead of sweat along her forehead, nose, and
upper lip in a laser red cast. Her image stutters slightly as she passes
under the door frame into a large unlit space.

A voice, smooth as butter, says,

*Welcome 00067894.*

Alex responds mentally -

*Hi.*

*Wake up assistants.*

Creaking echoes emanate from somewhere further within the warehouse-like
room as automatons stir from under sheets of opaque plastic tarp.

*Activate 835, 860, and…*

The first automaton stirs, then stretches and yawns. Its bright-blue
hair is cropped short, irises rimmed by a pulsing ring of blue which
briefly floods the plastic sheet strewn over its face. Standing up
stiffly, the glowing eyes look on without expression. Then a slender
hand removes the plastic off like a snake shedding its skin. When it
emerges, it is unclothed and bears the physical attributes of a human
female.

*Perform standard protocol.*

More forms squirm out from under their own plastic coverings, briefly
casting small orbs of red or blue or green as their eyes flicker on. The
dark space is littered with their momentary glowing, like multicolored
fireflies pulsing for each other without knowing why.

They stand. Shrug off the tarp. Get to work.

Someone activates the lab lights in a separate adjoining room to the
warehouse. Another hauls boxes onto a cart, or starts clearing a table
cluttered with papers, pens, gadgets and the like.

Alex, standing with her back to the entrance, wordlessly directs the
scene, her eyes actively darting back and forth beneath closed lids.

The hallways she recently passed through are suddenly reshuffled to a
randomly generated configuration and the door behind her vanishes, its
outline melting into the wall.

Her eyes pause their rapid movement while Alex’s skin starts to wrinkle,
peeling down from the crown of her head to her toes. It neatly collapses
around her feet in measured folds as a compressed accordion might. She
steps out of it, and puts it into a case the size of her head.

It took Alex five years to acquire the materials needed to build herself
a complete morphsuit like the Miorphus300. The Miorphus300 is made of
material requiring microprocessor level precision (and then some):
impossibly sterile conditions, a team of nonhuman assistants, and
commercial appliances in the possession of only the government and god
himself.

\[THE INFODUMP SECTION\]

The suit’s inner lining is ‘jetty’ - a rubbery padding capable of
adapting to any physical form as well as retaining heat or cold with a
couple of \_\_\_\_ commands. Temperature switching is advertised to be
as quick as 0.5 seconds under ideal conditions, which means “get fucked”
in reality. The best Alex got her suit down to was five second switching
in a simulator capsule, which translates to almost 100 times this
estimate in the “real world,” and an even longer buffer-time under
mildly stressful situations like blizzards or wherever lava tends to
exist.

Another pro of Jetty is the way it hardens upon impact, absorbing all
manner of shocks dealt to the wearer, with the exception of explosives,
bullets, and especially sharp things. Jetty’s main con - stiff gait
syndrome, or as Alex would put it “I know you have a boner because I
have one too.”

That’s what Widow’s Wren is for, a layer fused with the Jetty. A layer
composed of material prized for its strength as much as for its
amorphous qualities. It’s black fiber, woven from millions of nano-thin
strands with a load capacity exceeding its own weight by several orders
of magnitude.

These strands can be intricately interwoven and threaded through and on
top of the Jetty by microlooms that can realize different geometrical
schemas in order to accentuate one or more of the material’s many
attributes. However, Alex’s janky version has only the most basic weave
configuration, enough to successfully block a tirade of oncoming
bullets.

The next layer compensates for what the Widow’s Wren fails to protect
against: acid, radiation, and flame. It’s made from Black Composite,
sold on the black market by the children of harvesters. To put it
succinctly - she blackmailed for Black Composite. Exploiting a White
Light District’s zero day was easier than she expected, and the database
of secrets yielded some riveting material. But not without a little
blood-letting…

It used to be that Turner (the automaton) got machine-gunned so often,
Alex had to completely redesign him, and place the sim in front of the
store as a kind of first line defense for visitors with anger management
issues.

**Continuing suit blurb description thing:**

On top of the Widow’s Wren is a sandwich of three additional layer
groups. Bread bun number one: a metal-based weave, practically
weightless, and sewn through with a complex network of wiring set into a
clear flexible mold. Above this mold, sensor pads are congregated across
all the major human sensory/stimuli receiving centers, with additional
consideration for the groin and mouth regions (customizable AND highly
marketable, a major win-win). Just underneath the outermost layer of
responsive Synthex skin lies a frame that acts as a transfer unit
between pores on the external side of Synthex, and its internal
pore-channel-counterparts. Each external pore allows for input streams
to flow through and into the pore channels which swiftly suction
whatever they receive into miniature processing chambers. At the end of
each receiving pore channel are tiny sacs that inflate and deflate as
they process samplings of air, filtering and then triggering the
appropriate quality indicators. Air contaminant and pollutant sensors
have a decent chance at identifying environmental toxins found in both
wet and dry situations via a continuously self-updating database called
Onyx. All relevant specs are displayed across the inside of the wearer’s
eyelids.

Another grouping of pores are responsible for temperature and humidity
readings and still another, oxygen. The final set of pores act as mini
vacuums, similar to the first set, but additionally, are hooked into a
complex network of electro optical streams, in which tiny lasers cut
through air or trace various trajectories across space. These tiny beams
of varying intensities are used to calculate both internal and external
suit logistics for better spatial orientation and etc.

Additionally, the pores can also serve as mini spray bottles… sending
highly accurate and invisible streams of various substances, from
glorified (high-tech) pepper spray, to toxin neutralizing agents, to
suit-waste (“perspiration”). It also mimics different skin conditions,
hues, and states (blushing, palor), with the option of reflecting the
wearer’s true epidermal status at all times or not.

The most current (i.e. within the past two years) morphsuit upgrade of
concern to Alex, is an outermost transparency layer, defying detection
of almost every kind. Since Alex’s transparency layer is composed of
“secondhand” materials put together thanks to contraband design
blueprints, it malfunctions. A lot more than she’d like it to, and
especially when passing through a) any detection barriers, b) when
eating fluorescent–dye fries at a diner (long-story) and c) when her ass
is being tracked by people who are good at that sort of thing. And Alex
has many trackers in her wake, but only a few that make her sweat.

Anyway, the current suit is enough for moving through Babylon’s tier 2
and 3 districts, because they are always a major downgrade from whatever
tier 1 has.

---

Alex, naked and goose-fleshed, heads over to a dark stone cave turned
into a shower hole. She walks with the gracefulness just exceeding that
of a zombie, her albino eyes and inner ear implants working hard to
adjust to a different spatial realm. Overhead sensor-powered lights
start pulsing red as Alex squats down under the shower head, her form
like some kind of demonic stuttering image. Then she stops moving. Waits
as the water sputters and clunks through the pipes. After several
violent spurts, it shoots out frigid water. Hardly noticing the biting
cold, Alex reaches up and cranks up the heat to max waiting with
forehead pressed to her knees. The feeling of the small space, the
darkness, and the faint echo of being underground is the most comforting
feeling in the world. And she might have felt fine if not for the
comedown. The outermost transparency layer on her Morphsuit, which Alex
calls “Polt” (short for “Poltergeist”), is like a holog of its own. It’s
capable of syncing up with any nearby holog (like a body snatching
demon) or adopting the visage of a holog contained within the system’s
inventory, autopiloting the suit wearer to realize a given
facade/appearance better. But autopiloting comes with certain
understandable drawbacks. Afterall, what marionette is immune to pain in
the shoulders where the strings are most tugged?

But at least there are aspects that make using the polt more humane – a
portable Locker, serum-drip included. Sometimes Alex wishes she could
permanently lock the lid to her Miorphus300, sealing herself in as if
into a sarcophagus.

The sound of the rushing water grows muffled as Alex’s mind wanders back
to a long-buried memory, one which feels too bright for the darkness of
this underground cell…

*She’s sitting on the balcony of the topmost floor of a skyscraper, the
blinking lights of other apartments and skyscrapers towering far above
hers dancing across her face and in her eyes.*

*A middle-aged man with coal-black hair and warm brown eyes sits
opposite Alex. He’s dressed in simple garments – jeans, navy blue
t-shirt, and a button-down jacket. He’s barefoot, his heels calloused,
ankles lined with dozens of pale gray lines - lowlander/miner scars.*

*“Alex…”*

*“Rene, you knew about this from the start.”*

*“But I’m here, what can I do? Isn’t there another way, maybe I can get
the production team to work a little faster, get the mech suit up and
running before you go to that goddamn wasteland…” the man takes an
uncomfortable gulp, starts again.*

*“Why can’t we wait, right? Don’t you know what happens to-” His voice
is deep and gruff, and he struggles to suppress another pneumonic
cough.*

*Alex looks down, cradles the glass full of what looks like aqua lighter
fluid.*

*“We’ve been waiting five years now, Rene. I can’t keep sitting on this.
All I know is what I saw. You’re a lowlander, you were born
understanding what they do with pawns and I have to go before they pull
the floor out from under me. Everyone’s already on high alert at work-”*

*“But why would they design so much self-awareness into us then, that
we’d potentially enter an infinite loop, disassociate? What good does
manufacturing a bunch of glitchy, half sentient automatons do for
anyone? ” Rene gestures broadly as he speaks, as if conducting the
symphony of blinking city lights before him.*

*“Your argument has so many holes, I’m not sure why you bother to give
it,” Alex replies flatly.*

*“Describe for me a hole then.”*

*“Well, for one, there’s research. Ever heard of trial and error?”*

*“Okay…but why not just run a sim? It’s not like automatons aren’t a
drain on resources. Cost-benefit analysis would dictate that-”*

*Alex broke in, impatiently, “They did that already and Sims can’t break
skin, don’t work in the Outbound zones.”*

*Rene nods, biting his lower lip.*

*“So you have to go?” It comes out too quietly at first and Rene has to
repeat himself.*

*Alex just purses her lips.*

*“Okay Alex. Okay. So an army is being raised and tested. Mental
fortitude in spite of the meatsuit, is not an inconsequential feature,
blah blah. Also we don’t yet know sims don’t work in the Outbounds,
unless you’re somehow privy to more information than your average
citizen. Oh wait, that’s right, you work for them…But hey, I never
asked, don’t worry. I’m not trying to get between you and-”*

*Alex turned her head away from him. Sighed. Took a swig of lighter
fluid. Then suddenly grew fascinated by the city lights swimming before
her. That’s when she felt calloused fingers across her cheek, drawing
her chin up so Rene could brush his lips more readily against hers.*

*This sim was pretty good, but the real thing was always better and they
both knew it.*

*“I’m just scared Alex. I can’t help you after you cross that line-”*

*“I don’t need your help Rene.”*

---

Rene didn’t die. Not exactly. But he wasn’t alive either.

It had been months and the clock was ticking but the hands were blurred,
whirring around so fast they showed some flickering image, kept it
hanging there in space. Then out of nowhere a jitter in the spinning, a
loud crack. Cheap plastic splintering.

Alex threw an orange no.2 pencil that only just manages to lodge itself
between the now stuttering fan blades. She’s leaning back on a spinny
chair, feet up on the desk. Her wet hair drips onto the parched
sandstone floor which soaks up every drop eagerly. The chair tilts as
far back as it will go, synthetic leather pushing up against the
concrete.

The blades mindlessly continue trying to turn, squealing and revving.

Alex sighs.

The desk is sitting along a narrow and eternal concrete hallway, walls
rising far up into darkness. If someone shined a light up at the
ceiling, assuming the flashlight was good enough, they’d see the
metal-barred under siding of one of the skyways, rusty and peeling.

In front of Alex, the whining beige fan keeps turning its head from side
to side, shaking a bit. Trying to be a fan.

She’s wearing a hoodie, shorts. Her feet are bare. Papers are scattered
everywhere, sticky with fresh black ink scrawlings. There are ketchup
and soy sauce stains on them and on manila folders she didn’t bother
with. A soggy stack of take-away boxes and beer cans overflow from a
meshed-metal trash can at the foot of the desk.

Electronics don’t work down here. Which suits Alex just fine.

Popping a blue, she lets it roll around in her mouth for a bit. It feels
like chalk. Tastes like chalk.

There’s a bright lamp in the corner, some industrial piece of junk,
buzzing away happily. She keeps an eye on it, waiting for it to flicker.

It doesn’t.

The chair creaks as she gets up. The room goes a bit out of focus,
spins. Thinking better of it, she sits back down.

The clock on the wall reads - 21:00 - which is where it stopped at and
will, for the foreseeable future.

Rene wouldn’t have liked that. He always reset clocks and fixed them
down here. Underground, it was easy to lose all sense of time.

91 days and some change. That’s how long Rene has been sitting on ice.

3 days ago the backup generators went into gear after the city lights
went out. The backup generators had backup generators, giving her a
window of about two weeks, if she was smart about her energy
consumption. She could probably get the cryo capsule to work on pink
ice. But the ice was filthy, full of impurities, and she didn’t exactly
have a whole sterilization factory to herself. Besides, the cryo capsule
starts to thaw after 20 hours, and impure pink ice could take days and a
lot of fine tuning to even start resonating at its base frequency.
Syncing the base frequency with the timekeepers could get messy. Only
then could its power be realized, put to good work harnessed up to its
sucklings.

So, Alex had two weeks. Less than that even.

The white lights in the white light district weren’t working and
**hunting season** was probably to blame for it. Best way for police to
starve out wanted criminals was to blind them. Interfere with their
comms, show up at the door unannounced so to speak. Send out a pulsing
search wave all over the city, change the layout for all WLD claimed
real estate. Lowlanders and other errant citizens would have to reset
their maps, update all their systems to read the new maps. But as with
any upgrade this was bound to have issues - backward compatibility
issues as old or improvised suit builds or comm systems struggled to
adjust to layout builds WLD engineers knew caused breakage. Some streets
or walls wouldn’t make sense, by design, defying physics or proportions
in ways that older rendering engines would fail to properly manifest.
This practice was old - as old as planned obsolescence from times when
physical property mattered. Before sims or what some might call the
*dark ages*. And the dark ages were still very much a reality for
lowlanders and anyone who, to any degree, didn’t live a life entirely in
white light district hands, trapped in catatonic heaven.

She picked up an old black watch sitting on her desk, fastened it around
her wrist and set the timer.

The watch face was now set to count down from:

252:00:00.

She’d give herself a week and a half, with some extra time just in case.
She had to find a way to save Rene while she worked on constructing the
parts of him that were currently defective, biodegradation kept at bay,
frozen (literally) for now. Yet Alex couldn’t shake the uneasiness to
the point where it was becoming distracting. Sometimes it seemed she was
keeping death at bay more than actually keeping Rene alive.

---

251:00:00

**<u>Plan of Action</u>**

Assuming day = 15 hours.

Her plan was as follows:

Day 1, 2 - research the data she’s gathered after several runs in plane
V.

Day 3-5 - generate several new city maps and come up with a solid route
through Babylon’s plane V

Day 6-8 - complete a *successful* run in plane V undetected by WLD folks

Day 9 -

---

Alex was still sitting at her desk, watching the watch face from the
corner of her eye, too anxious to get up, too anxious to read, but the
time was ticking. She needed to start something. Anything. She adjusts
herself on the office chair, hugging her knees to her chest and resting
her chin on them. Her arms stretched out, sway around clumsily like
tentacles as she moves the first pile of manilla folders closer and pops
the cap off a black sharpie. The front of the folder is blank, so she
marks it with the sharpie, titling it \#1, and starts shuffling through
the contents. Everything feels like it’s moving in slow motion, but this
task has to be done the old fashion way, because you just can’t automate
certain things and she wasn’t about to get the servers and by extension
her research engines up and running. Too few resources right now. She’d
have to rely on her own head, and the blue pill was working its way
through her system already so it was fine. A half full bottle sat next
to her, and she’d pop another if she really needed it although right now
her bpm was 90, sitting down.

The first page on the stack of contents makes her chuckle.

Fell for an A-Runner. Then her image stuttered.

---

Whenever the lights were out, every <span className="mark">anomaly runner
(A-Runner)</span> in the population, the people who weren’t already
hooked up and baby-fed the stream (and under the safety of WLD
protection guidelines), had to take all their maps offline and cut all
current operations.

It was like all the lights being turned off on a lonely neighborhood
street, so that anyone out in the open with their unofficial holog was
suddenly blinded and exposed, and had to run for cover before whatever
lurked in the shadows got to them. If you were caught outside
unsuspecting, you’d probably have to reinstate your holog once the
lights were on again, overwriting the old with a fresh and newly
generated holog version. ‘Lights off’ incidents turned Babylon
prefecture into data leaking void space, infiltrating and capturing any
unregistered hologs, the non-natives that weren’t one with the system,
and hence, didn’t immediately go offline and vanish the moment the light
clicked off. Any unsecured hologs caught in the open basically belonged
to WLD now - that is, whatever part of them wasn’t encrypted or locked
in place. But A-Runners were clever, they worked around this issue as
much as possible, trying to get insider information about scheduled map
overwrites so they wouldn’t be caught in the open. And even if they did
get caught in the open when the lights went out, they made sure their
hologs were already secured by default. Sometimes, with older hologs
programmed and built on older libraries or engines, even with each
successive overwrite WLD made on aboveground map configurations, ghosts
were left behind. Glitchy, stuttering after-images of previous anomalies
that were hard to wipe since they didn’t belong to WLD directly and once
abandoned by previous holog owners, couldn’t be totally removed from
dead space in the virtual plane, the plane mostly owned and controlled
by WLD. Ghosts, even when their visual representation was superimposed
with new visuals by WLD, still existed and although rare, could create
anomalous behavior within any successive city scene or any subsequent
realized map. They could be anywhere, at anytime, in the walls, in the
street, and had to be cordoned off so they wouldn’t interfere. They were
like left behind entrails of viruses WLD couldn’t completely clean since
hologs could contain several layers of encrypted features, impossible to
break. Deadspaces were usually blocked off by WLD patrols or turned into
‘unsafe to trespass’ zones. At some point anomalies started becoming a
tool for the non-citizen to regain territory from WLD, areas of
deadspace that neither fully controlled. And that’s when WLD sectioned
off most of the heavily deadspaced zones and migrated into new land -
tier 1, tier 2 districts, leaving the ghost-riddled deadspace infested
map inside of tier 3 district. There had been several nuclear
powerplants underground, underneath tier 3 district, previously run and
maintained by WLD. And there had been several underground levels where
lowlanders worked and operated, whole cities and tunnel systems. It was
unclear who was responsible for the ensuing nuclear disaster but when it
happened, thousands of citizens who hadn’t relocated, by WLD orders,
perished and most if not all levels collapsed or became irradiated
areas. So much was left behind and so much destroyed, and it was
unlikely there were any survivors as water systems and farms were
contaminated and the extent of the nuclear disasters still remains
unknown. Was WLD responsible for all the disasters, in an attempt to
make the place uninhabitable and force relocation?

The number of destroyed or non-functional plants was still unknown.

WLD blamed the disasters on anomolies, or more exactly on the terrorist
groups that intentionally left them behind, citing their previous
inclination toward city disruptions and toward regaining territory by
leaving behind ghosts illegally. They had enough underground space as it
was, so why did they need to encroach on WLD’s? Most citizens were
convinced, but lowlanders and anomalie runners (A-Runners) knew better.
WLD had colonized lowlanders since the dawn of time, exploiting them,
managing the underground and transforming it into a multi-level
industrial facility that sustained and supported the above ground
territories. After the Civil Wars broke out and several Lowlander
revolts, WLD began to withdraw from underground cities in what were now
underground levels below district 3, leaving behind destitute
structures, leading to mayhem and stateless zones struggling to properly
organize and manage themselves. Some levels WLD still maintained control
over, but at a distance, and only after several compromises between
whatever lowlander governments remained and the current WLD
administration at the time. Even after a mostly peaceful era post the
civil wars and major revolts, lowlander resistance groups and anarchists
were causing too much instability for the aboveground city of tier 3
district, then known as \_\_\_\_\_, the city of lights.

When it eventually collapsed, the Nuclear disaster partly responsible
for industrial fallout became an issue.

---

*Decision.* A word Alex hates, and avoids as much as possible.

She’s pacing inside of the warehouse, biting her nails and throwing them
carelessly on the floor. Only half of the warehouse is illuminated, the
illuminated section full of automatons busy stacking and logging boxes
full of paperwork and manilla folders with more papers, organizing
scraps of metal bits into their respective, labeled containers. Cleaning
or else just sitting with their backs to the wall, heads bowed, awaiting
new directives. The other half of the warehouse is full of automatons
that Alex won’t use right now because they run on DIX which requires her
server room to be running. Only analog automatons are at work right now
which is great in terms of energy, but lonelier since they don’t talk -
interaction isn’t something Alex prioritized into their build.

That’s when she hears it. A clattering ring of a Pinger, from the wall
the one she’s closest too. In the unlit half of the warehouse. She drops
what she’s doing and breaks into a full sprint, head on into the dark.
The phone is on the wall, near the back of the room, in a little cubicle
with a rusty stool and an overhead lamp she doesn’t bother to turn on.
She lets her eyes adjust to the dark, using muscle memory for the rest.
The phone is similar in appearance to a shaft telephone that came
installed into the gray concrete wall and Alex kept, from Babylon’s war
era.

Only 3 people have access to this communication line. Rene, Rene’s
brother, and Turner the bot. If turner is calling, the ringtone will
sound like a shrill fire alarm and Alex won’t pick up directly.

Luckily, the ringtone is just the standard metallic clanging of an old
telephone.

She picks up on the last round of ringing.

“Yes?”

“Ramen or fried rice?”

“Blue Ramen. Jean, it’s me.”

“Mhm. And call me Clarke.”

Code for - code red level bad news. Find a nearby seat, prep your
nerves.

A pause, and jean clears his throat and Alex leans against the cubicle,
blood suddenly draining out of her face, her fingernails getting bloody
as she bites them anxiously.

“We have a situation.” the voice on the other end cackles with static,
and sounds like it's fighting to be heard in a crowded place, other
heavily distorted voices slightly audible in the background.

“Are you…are you calling from a radio makeshift? Clarke what-”

“Listen, I don’t got much time, our comms are probably gonna be
intercepted any second. I had to set up a 2W2. Someone moved Rene.”

Silence. Alex’s dark vision tunnels a bit and she forgets how to
breathe.

“I don’t know where he is, he’s not in the cryocapsule. While the lights
were out we had some…breaches. Someone must have gotten into the
mainframe cuz he’s not here.”

A million questions are racing through Alex’s head right now - who got
put up to this kidnap job and why? What did they want with Rene, he had
been officially off grid for two years. As far as white light district
people knew, he had been wormfood long since, and something isn't adding
up…

“Did you…I…” Alex feels like her lips are moving without sound. Jean
responds anyway.

“Sent it. Already. Check the station, tune to…well you know the
protocol.”

Click.

---

Alex doesn’t remember how she got back to the lit half of the warehouse,
how she came to be sitting under a showerhead, water so cold it feels
like it burns. Everything burns before her, heart pounding in her chest,
in her ears, rushing.

The body…the real one…is so fragile…Thinks Alex.

She must command herself, *watch Alex watching Alex*.

*Get up.*

*Pinch yourself. Hard. Until you bleed.*

*Walk to the armor bay.*

*Enter pin, duo authenticate* with personal token. You authenticate it
by squeezing it three times fast, twice slow, and saying “locker 662”
into the tiny mic embedded into the side of the necklace worn around the
neck. \*

Step on the *armementus* platform, a circular plate that rotates around
as a panel along its floor takes measurements of Alex, her vitals, her
dimensions. Robotic arms extend outward and fix Alex in place, then
cylindrical capsules descend down from above, surrounding her from
ankles to neck. *Magneto skin* creeps up from the floor, wrapping up and
around Alex’s feet fluidly, and stiffening in place like a cast mold.
It’s totally clear and camouflages perfectly to Alex’s skin.

The space inside the cylindrical capsules pulse with blue light as the
printers start up. A needle rotates out of the inside of the capsule
closest to her jugular and inserts itself in her neck. She twitches
slightly. It retracts. Alex is still.

Heart rate falling to a good 60 BPM.

Rotating blades unfurl about the openings on either end of the capsule,
closing in with vacuum seal protection ensured about Alex’s neck and
ankles. The capsule fills up with jelly, viscous fluid that stiffens,
flush to Alex’s body.

Now the ray tracing, sweeping over her outline, sheets of light slicing
horizontally through the viscous fluid. A solution is introduced into
the gelatinous membrane *most directly* around Alex, contained by an
invisible chemical barrier. The solution membrane thins out the mucus
sealant congealing against her skin, until it feels like water.
Goosebumps appear on her forearms. It is pleasantly soft and silky. The
blue solution has successfully altered the jelly into resin, the resin
now